document fetchOptions (#206)
xataio/mdx-docs: 040-SDK/010-TypeScript/020-configuration.mdx

In case your runtime does not provide a built-in Fetch API (such as with versions prior to Node 18), you will need to pass a fetch implementation to the `fetch ` constructor parameter of the XataClient in the `xata.ts` / `xata.js `file in your project.

## Passing options to fetch

> Some frameworks, like Next.js, support additional fetch options which allow you to configure the caching and revalidating behavior for each fetch request on the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some frameworks, such as Next.js, support additional fetch options. These settings allow you to specifically control how caching and revalidation are handled for each fetch operation on the server.
```

The Xata SDK supports the `fetchOptions` parameter for passing options to fetch.

> This parameter can be used to configure cache revalidation at a timed interval:

Reviewer 2: I'd make this more clear it's only for Next.js

Author: Will add clarifications once we have findings from https://github.com/xataio/client-ts/issues/1311 as it doesn't seem to actually work as documented, maybe there's more steps needed in Next.js.
